example: Add an example of Pointnet inference implementation (#2845)
uxlfoundation/oneDNN: examples/network/README.md

# PointNet Convolutional Neural Network Sample for 3D Pointcloud Classification

> [PointNet][pointnet-paper] is a convolutional neural network architecture for applications concerning 3D recognition such as object classification and part segmentation. These sample codes implement a variant of PointNet for 3D object classification, for inference only with ModelNet10, showing a larger example of using oneDNN. Some rough instructions for how it might be used are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PointNet][pointnet-paper] is a convolutional neural network architecture for applications concerning 3D recognition such as object classification and part segmentation. These sample codes implement a variant of PointNet for 3D object classification, for inference only with ModelNet10, providing a comprehensive example of using oneDNN. You can see the following initial instructions on using the samples.
```

> ## Obtaining the model weights and classes and preparing an input pointcloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Obtain the Model Weights and Classes and Prepare an Input pointcloud
```

> A preprocessing script is provided which unpacks the weights from a pretrained pytorch model. The script also prepares an input pointcloud for testing inference. The pointcloud is made from 3D scans taken from the [ModelNet10][modelnet] dataset. The script requires an installation of [PyTorch][pytorch]. First download the pretrained PointNet weights and move the pth file into the same directory of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preprocessing script is provided which unpacks the weights from a pre-trained PyTorch model. The script also prepares an input pointcloud for testing inference. The pointcloud is made from 3D scans taken from the [ModelNet10][modelnet] dataset. The script requires an installation of [PyTorch][pytorch]. 

First, download the pre-trained PointNet weights and then move the pth file into the same directory containing the model.
```

```bash
wget http://3dvision.princeton.edu/projects/2014/3DShapeNets/ModelNet10.zip
unzip ModelNet10.zip
rm ModelNet10.zip
python3 prepareData.py ModelNet10/ pointnet_model.pth
```

> The weights will be saved to `data/` and the input pointcloud will be saved as `itemName_cloud.bin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weights will be saved to `data/` and the input pointcloud will be saved as `itemName_cloud.bin`.
```

> ## Testing on a pointcloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test on a pointcloud
```

The oneDNN samples are built in the default CMake configuration. The sample

> is built by the target `network-pointnet-cpp`. The samples must first

Reviewer: Is the directory containing the binary weight files passed as the first argument when running a oneDNN sample? Suggesting rewrite for consideration to improve readability, please modify as you see fit

To test a sample, the directory where the binary weights files are stored must be passed as the first argument. The second argument should be the preprocessed pointcloud that should be classified.

Author: Thank you for your feedback @ranukund, I update everything in [dedc77d](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDNN/pull/2845/commits/dedc77d0958c75bc99893538da780e7ef13085eb)

be passed the directory where the binary weights files are stored and the second

> argument should be the preprocessed pointcloud that should be classified. The expected

Reviewer 2: oneDNN examples are used in various CI environments and across different architectures. Dependency on Pytorch would be a bit of a hassle. I would suggest to put this one into [oneAPI Samples](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/Libraries/oneDNN) instead of the main repo.

+@onednnsupporttriage

Author: Thank you for suggesting a better place for our sample. Once all comments are solved, I'll open another PR to the appropriate repo.

Reviewer 3: oneAPI oneDNN sample code(https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/Libraries/oneDNN) looks a better place for this sample,  @onednnsupporttriage can help on this code check.

> output is of a classification index and a series of times in nanoseconds that corresond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output is a classification index and a series of times in nanoseconds that correspond
```

## Obtain the Model Weights and Classes and Preparing an Input pointcloud

A preprocessing script is provided which unpacks the weights from a pre-trained pytorch model. The script also prepares an input pointcloud for testing inference. The pointcloud is made from 3D scans taken from the [ModelNet10][modelnet] dataset. The script requires an installation of [PyTorch][pytorch].

First, download the pre-trained PointNet weights and then move the pth file into the same directory containing the model.

```bash
wget http://3dvision.princeton.edu/projects/2014/3DShapeNets/ModelNet10.zip
unzip ModelNet10.zip
rm ModelNet10.zip
python3 prepareData.py ModelNet10/ pointnet_model.pth
```

The weights will be saved to `data/` and the input pointcloud will be saved as `itemName_cloud.bin`.

## Test on a pointcloud

The oneDNN samples are built in the default CMake configuration. The sample

> is built by the target `network-pointnet-cpp`.

Reviewer 4: Since this example will be moved to [oneAPI Samples](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/Libraries/oneDNN) and will not be built with the oneDNN source code, could you please add the bash command line to build this example and link libdnnl.so?
